# 2021/January

## 1/1
Play outside with junior sister appretice and senior brothers in shanghai. A very impressive day.

## 1/2 
:smiley: "Not having the best situation, but seeing the best in your situation is the key to happiness."
- [x] Summarize what I have done in 2020. 

## 1/3
:smirk: "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act,but a habit."

- [x] Review the English words.
- [x] Have the hair cut.
- [x] Exercise for two hours.
- [x] Read feynman physical teaching materials.

## 1/4
:heart_eyes: "Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is alwasys to try just one more time."

- [x] Review English words;
- [x] Learn C++ for at least two hours;
- [x] Take the English test;

## 1/5
:kissing_heart: "It is time to shed the burden of the past year and come up fresh and alive."

- [ ] The potential energy of a dot in the center of a circle;
- [x] Go on the derivation of plane waves;
- [x] Figure out the functions of plane and twisted states;
- [x] Draw the picture of momentum;
- [x] Have dinner with the colleagues;
- [ ] Draw the spin -1 pictures;
- [ ] Summarize the equations;

## 1/6 
:flushed: "The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are."
- [ ] Learn c++ for two hours;
- [ ] Exercise for two hours;
- [x] Listen to a classic song:马克斯·布鲁赫 G小调第一小提琴协奏曲，作品26；第一乐章：适度的快板;
- [x] **由于正负电子对的能动量分布不对称导致OAM分配不对称**

## 1/7 
:relieved: "Go ahead, let them judge you."

- [x] Read English;
- [x] Amend all the pictures;
- [x] Listen to a classic song; 弗朗西斯·普朗克 “爱之小径”
- [ ] Practice tuerqi jinxingqu;
- [ ] Learn 《四季》;


## 1/8
:satisfied:
- [x] Sort out the values of each matrix element;
- [x] 写入党申请书
- [x] Exercise for two hours;



## 1/9 
:grin: I delete it by accident.

- [x] Write wechat eassy.
- [x] Have fun.
- [x] Find articles;

## 1/10 
:wink: "You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing ,and by falling over."

- [x] Exercise for two hours;
- [x] Read Feynman physics;


## 1/11
:stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye: "Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. Have the courage to follow your own heart and intuition."
- [x] Sort out the pictures in single tunnel.
- [ ] Read an article;
- [x] Draw the intensity profile of twisted electrons;
- [x] Sort out the tuanwei missions;
- [x] Listen to a classic song;
- [x] Learn c++ for two hours;
- [x] Plant at least 12 trees;

## 1/12
:stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes: "The best time to plant a tree was 20 years age. The second best time is now."
- [x] Finish the picture of the intensity of created positrons;
- [x] Read an article;
- [x] Plant at least 12 trees;
- [x] Practice tuerqi and saochao;
- [ ] Amend the article, just to try;
- [x] Learn c++ for at least two hours;

## 1/13
:grinning: "Unless you try to do something beyong what you have already mastered you will never grow."
- [x] Amend the article (the wave packet part);
- [x] Read 《selected works of mao》;
- [x] Exercise for two hours;
- [x] Practice tuerqi;
- [x] Plant at least 12 trees;
- [x] Listen to a classic song;
- [x] Learn c++ for two hours;

## 1/14
:kissing: "Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements."

- [x] Amend the article the numerical part.
- [ ] Read 《selected works of mao》
- [x] practice tuerqi;
- [x] Plant at least 12 trees;
- [x] Learn c++ for two hours;

## 1/15
:kissing_smiling_eyes: "Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best."

- [x] Amend the article the introduction part.
- [ ] Read 《selected works of mao》
- [x] Use ftp to deliver files.
Failed because I can't figure out the limits of authority.
- [ ] Use git to realize synchronizing reading notes;
- [ ] Plant at least 12 trees;
- [ ] Exercise for two hours;
- [ ] Learn gita and practice tuerqi
- [ ] Learn c++ for at least one hour;